Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Oh. you managed to get most of it on the
paper this time.
Good job. buddy.
Okay.
(Clark's video call)
Hey hey. it's me.
Happy birthday week.
So I expect you're celebrating.
When. when do you think you're coming
back?
Let me know. because. well. you know.
we miss you.
Okay. don't have too much...
Oh. I need a yellow sun mic now.
Planet Holzherr
Solar Category: Red
Brigand.
They've come for my swords.
I guess it was only a matter of time.
We give them what they want...
and then they'll leave.
Is that pie?
Yes.
I know who you are.
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
Then you know why I'm here.
My nice work.
All in the shed out back.
Handcrafted weapons forged
from the strongest steel that
you or your brigand army
will ever lay your filthy eyes on.
You have what you want.
Now leave.
Show me the way.
Not you.
Her.
Hey!
Cars are out of inebriated mind.
body. and spirit.
Uh. I hereby declare...
that 23 will be the best year yet.
Let's be honest. babe.
It's not a very high bar to clear.
Okay.
Should we just move here?
Maybe we're meant to be Red Sun folks.
You know. the kinds who feel things like.
uh. punch in the face.
And like. shots of. like. whatever this
is.
It's really good. you know?
Maybe this is home.
Not gonna happen.
Attention!
Seriously?
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll of the Danastia
clan.
And I come here with one purpose.
Man.
To seek revenge against Krem of the Yellow
Hills.
A brigand who was
trespassed onto our planet and
murdered my innocent and
honorable family in cold blood.
Rough.
Krem's ship was
destroyed. and I believe he's
still searching for a
passage off our planet.
I will need a skilled tracker who can help
me locate this monster before he escapes.
Dude. no.
I don't... I don't have my powers here.
Right?
I will do the rest.
Not my monkeys.
Not my circus.
Ending his life to avenge my family.
In exchange. I offer you my family sword.
Made by the hands of my father.
Elias Knoll.
The blade will be provided to you after I
use it to take Krem's life.
It's not a problem.
Elias Knoll. you say?
Yes.
A child of your size expects to wield such
a weapon.
I am no child.
I had my thirteenth turn this past
harvest.
Ah. a bit ticking on a brigand.
Impossible.
Oh. that might be a problem.
You'll need someone of enormous power to
defeat Krem.
I shall do the job myself.
Hey!
Hold this.
And just...
let me talk to him.
It's not too late.
Let's not...be a jerk.
Just give me back the sword.
Whoa.
Then we can move on.
You don't steal from a little kid who just
lost her parents.
Like. that's...
yeah. that's so clearly over the line....
of acceptable behaviour.
You could at least help her
Find the... God... Find the
shithead who killed them
and then you can get the
sword. like fair and square.
Oh. you think I'm talking too much?
No problem.
I can talk less.
You know. that was less talking.
How do you like that?
Oh. God.
There it is.
Wow.
Okay.
It's actually like a really beautiful
piece of silverware.
Hey. look im bleeding
Oh. what the fuck?
Oh. you're an angry fellow. aren't you?
Okay. just. okay. okay. give me a second.
I'm a little... I'm a little winded.
No. no. no. no. no.
I believe this is yours.
Thank you.
I need to go to bed.
Stop.
Oh.
Clark's video call
Hi!
Hi. finally got you.
Mm-hmm.
It's my lucky day.
Still. uh. still celebrating. huh?
Yeah.
What do you want?
I was just. um. just
wanted to touch base
about when you think
you might be coming back.
No idea.
Kara. I'm just worried that if
you keep going off planet like
this. you're never gonna find
your stride here in Metropolis.
Hold on.
I'm worried you might never find your
people.
That's the thing. Clark.
I have no people.
I know that.
I just mean maybe if you spend a little
more time here. you might feel more at home.
Hold on.
Um. I gotta go.
Okay. just. um. give me a call...
-Good talk. Bye!
Hold on!
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll of the Danastia Clan.
and I come here to seek revenge....
Yes. some guy named "cream". yeah.
You already hit me with this pitch.
So what?
You're going...
door to door now?
Look. I would love to help you.
but. um. I can't. so...
I'm on to the next door with you.
Now. if you'll excuse me. I really need to
pee.
Was your ship attacked?
Oh. my God.
Wait ! Please!
Look. last night you stood up for the
righteous. the just.
Look. if you think I'm gonna lead you on
the mountains through some sort of revenge
plot. turning you into a psychotic child
murderer. then you must be. as they say.
on glue.
Are we taking Elias's daughter?
The cells are completely full. right?
What do you think of my new ship?
Come on. man. we gotta be back up in the
sky ASAP.
Krem deserves what is coming to him.
You go around driven by deserve.
and you'll end up...
very unhappy.
Krypto !
Leave my ship off the planet!
Let go!
No! Krypto !
No !
Hey...hey. buddy
It's gonna be okay.
Okay.
The Brigandian toxin known as redimere.
She says it paralyses the host slowly
Im sorry...but painfully
For eventually...
stoping the heart.
What can I do?
What is it?
She says it's more difficult since Krem
escaped off the planet.
Moving him would risk accelerating the
effects of the toxin.
The brigands carry the antidote on their
person.
They use it as an interrogation tactic.
Dangling relief in exchange for money.
information. whatever they're after.
Without the antidote. there's nothing she
can do.
How long does he have?
Three moonraisers.
Okay.
Three days.
Hey. I'm gonna go now.
And you cannot...
...freaking give up on me...
Home is wherever you are. buddy.
Are you going after Krem for the
antidote?
You could help me.
No. we could help each other.
You for the antidote. and me to kill him.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry about what happened
to your family. okay?
I am. so he'll suffer.
Suffer?
No. he needs to be killed.
Ruthye. your revenge is not gonna get in
the way of me saving my dog.
Okay. just like... just stay here and look
after him.
ok...
One...
Two...
...three... moonraisers.
72 hours. buddy.
Who are you?
He basically said. welcome aboard.
please watch your step.
Yeah.
Sure he did.
Gum?
Maybe give us all a break from that
hookah... thingy.
Okay.
Comfy?
Hey.
You got a clue what I'm saying?
Do I look like an idiot to you?
Debatable.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
I was just trying to get through to my
seat.
Frickin' Ruthye.
You put your bag on the floor at her feet.
which is calling her mother a whore.
Okay.
Why aren't you with Krypto?
I'm searching for Krem myself.
I think I was pretty clear when I said no
to that plan.
Excuse me.
Can you move over so I can sit next to my
friend?
Oh. your friend? Absolutely
He's not my friend.
You're not my friend.
Yes. I am.
Okay.
What's my name?
What?
What did you hit now. Lloyd?
Who are they?
What do they want?
Sklarian Raiders...
They're like tech pirates.
They want the bus.
They want the fuel.
They want the engine.
Look away. Lloyd.
Look away.
My guess is they want to rob us all blind
first.
Noted
I knew I should have called in sick today.
Lloyd.
The clock.
Uh. no. she doesn't...
Ruthye. let go.
Ruthye?
Let go.
Between you and me. this sword is not
worth much. you know. so you...
I have a plan...
Kind of...
Hey!
You ladies want a trade?
Because I would love that watching sword
back.
And I'm pretty sure that you would be
interested in this.
Oh. sorry.
All right. wrong pocket.
Um. and this.
Whoa!
Oh. shit!
just getting my. uh. sea legs.
ohhh...shit !
Okay. this is unpleasant.
Hey.
Hey. uh. how. how close are we to the yellow sun?
Can you get any closer?
Yeah. sure. if I had a friggin' engine
or some balls. but I have neither. so. no.
Perfect.
Um...
Shhh...
Uh. this is gonna be bad.
Oh. shit.
It's heading toward the sun!
We lost the engines!
There they are.
INTERPLANETARY STOP
SOLAR CATEGORY: YELLOW
When I asked for your help. I did not know
you were so capable.
Yeah.
You won the lottery.
Why couldn't you do that on my planet?
I get my powers from the yellow sun.
The red sun makes me normal.
Then why would you choose to be under a
red sun?
Uh. well. because the whiskey don't work
so good when I'm like this.
With abilities like that. you're sure to
be able to take on Krem.
Enough.
You're coming with me to find Krem.
Congratulations.
You wore me down.
You're gonna do it either way.
At best. you'll end up kidnapped.
At worst. you'll screw it up for the both
of us and...
Oh. gotta save my dog.
Just... do what I say.
Keep quiet and... don't die.
There she is!
It's Flying Sun Lady!
Good job!
We kicked ass back there. huh?
We make a good team. I think.
We're wondering if you could help us find
the brigands.
Do you have any idea where they are?
No idea.
But... I bet those Scalarians that you
tied up on my bus probably do.
See?
That is an idea.
Here's an even better idea.
Don't abandon your daughter.
These taste like shit.
Um. okay.
I really don't have time for this.
so... let's get to it.
Oh. it's okay.
Don't worry.
I'll do the other side to even it out.
If you tell me where to find Krem.
And what will you give us in return?
Oh. that's a good question.
Um...
An intact spinal cord.
So are you gonna talk or...?
Tell her.
Krem has the strength of a thousand men
You will have to tell me.
He will tear her to pieces
He's on Bilquis.
Nice try.
Bilquis a dead planet.
Dying.
Not dead.
The atomic wars brought destruction.
Half the population is gone.
and the remaining resources
have drawn filth from
every corner of the galaxy.
Filth.
Like the brigands. they scavenge for
people.
People.
For girls.
Girls to help them continue their all-male
race.
Cool.
So we're gonna gulk you.
All right. let's take you shopping.
Perfect.
Don't freak out.
Why would I?
I'm not freaking out.
You're not freaking out.
I'm not freaking out!
Seems to me like you're freaking out.
I might be freaking out.
Okay.
Good.
Now you won't die.
PLANET: BILQUIS
SOLAR CATEGORY: YELLOW
You could have done that sooner.
Yep.
On your planet?
Earth.
Do others on Earth have powers like you?
No. it's a pretty small group of two.
Who's the other one?
Uh. they call him Superman.
I call him Clark.
He's my cousin.
And you are Superwoman?
Uh. Supergirl.
Are you considerably younger than he is?
God. there is like ten years. give or take.
How come he's a man?
I mean. you're a...
Let's find some brigands.
Thank you
Sorry. there are a lot of people.
I know she is worth a lot around here.
I'm aware.
Let me have her. and you can walk out
alive.
Tempting.
But I'm just switching subjects here.
Do you have any information on the
Brigands?
That sort of information is going to cost
you.
I'll tell you what.
I'll arm wrestle you for her.
Seriously.
You win and you can have us both.
I win.
And you can tell us where the Brigands
are.
Deal.
How about you play with me?
Are you ready?
Okay.
This does not look like this is going to
end well.
For you guys.
I mean...
Anybody want to leave?
No?
Okay.
Let's not hurt the merchandise.
You can sit down over there.
Keep playing.
You know.
It's like the Titanic.
Yeah.
I'm in heaven.
Okay boys.
Fingers on triggers.
I can hardly speak.
Yeah?
Okay.
Let's go.
And I seem to find the happiness I've
seen.
When we're out together dancing cheek to
cheek.
Heaven.
I'm in heaven.
And the cares that hung around me through
the week.
How was that descrete?
You broke that man's arm.
Okay.
Look.
I'm sorry.
Okay?
My dog's dying so I don't really have the
patience that I should have right now.
Okay?
Oh. you don't have to.
No. no. no. no. no.
It's good.
Oh. I didn't know that you spoke the
common tongue.
Little.
Mareck
Bomar
Well. we're actually here looking for
somebody.
You don't happen to know any brigands.
do you?
Shit.
It's Lobo.
Who?
Keep quiet.
No eye contact
He's an immortal with a god complex.
Killed off his entire planet.
Not a fun guy.
Hey.
Three more of whatever you call that shit.
I'm looking for a brigand.
Goes by the name of Drom Baxton.
He's looking for brigands?
No.
Red mohawk.
Dead left eye.
He's so rude.
Have you seen him?
No.
I know he was here.
You're saying he wasn't.
I'm gonna go.
Sit down.
Are you calling me a liar?
No.
Well. I am.
But not about this.
He's worth a lot of money.
Excuse me.
Go away.
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll of the Danastia clan.
Who cares?
And I come here with one purpose.
To seek revenge against Krem of the Yellow
Hills.
We could help you take on the brigands.
You're going to help me?
Do you know who you're speaking to?
Hmm.
Would you like to find out?
Hi.
We're just a couple of girls from
Metropolis. USA.
We're doing a fun little tour of space.
It's for my birthday.
Um. yeah. we've been on. what is it.
like. three planets so far?
And I'm exhausted.
You know. like. OMG. I had no idea
that space was so. like. vast and...
Stop !
You're hurting my head.
You all have been super useless.
Happy birthday.
Useless.
We know friend.
Know brigands.
Our house meet. we walk.
But not safe for Ruthye.
Wear this?
Bomar get friend
and... Meet home.
Wait here.
Girl is tired.
Rest.
When will Bomar be here with your friend?
Soon.
So is Superman like you?
Grumpy?
Rude?
You think I'm rude?
Of course.
Seems to be something you do
intentionally.
Okay.
Is Superman not that way?
Clark?
No.
He's a freaking nerd.
Let's just say we're not alike.
Because?
I don't know.
He sees the good in everyone and I see the
truth.
So you think he's naive?
No. but he's young.
Isn't he older than you?
Yeah. but it's not his age that makes him
young.
It's his heart.
There are just some things you never had
to go through.
So his heart is light. you know?
It's not like mine or Bomar's or your...
What's Earth like?
I'm not really from Earth. Ruthie.
I'm from another planet.
Krypton.
I thought everyone died the day the core
erupted?
No. Krypton did die in a day.
The Gods are not that kind.
My father and his brother. Jor-El. tried
to warn the Council of what was coming.
But no one listened.
Is it now? I thought we had more time.
Me too. but Krypton's core is very unstable.
It will explode in minutes.
Let's go! I activated the force field.
We must leave.
Alura!
Is it him?
It's Kal-El
Your brother declared him conqueror of worlds.
The moment has arrived.
That was eight years before I was born.
Were we foolish. Zor-El?
Should we have listened to your brother?
We cannot send our daughter...
...to another planet to be a kind of god.
We preserve this for a reason.
We have to believe that there is a future here.
Kara. where are you?
Honestly. I didn't have a clue that Argo
was different from any other planet.
I thought we were lucky.
But luck. almost by definition.
runs out.
Tell me.
When the city of Argo separated...
...it unearthed a crystalline mineral from deep within the planet
Kryptonite
The ground is poisoned.
It made all the people of Argo sick...
...and it is spreading.
Can we do something?
The radiation took hold of me as well.
I won't let it reach you.
I found my brother's sketches for the escape pod.
I built one for you
You will follow your cousin. Kal-El.
You will have a new home on Earth.
No
This is my home.
It is my only home.
Let the radiation reach me.
I will lie on the ground next to you and mom.
I am only one small life.
What difference does it make if I live or die?
You are not just one small life.
You are your mother's life.
You are my life.
You are our souls unfolding into the future.
My daughter...
...this is the reason for your existence.
When I am gone...
...promise me something.
Of course. mother.
Be good.
That does not mean you are weak.
Nor that you are kind.
But you must be good.
We do not choose our path
Your path will be one of great effort...
...and of great purpose.
Wherever you are going. you will have great power.
Use it to protect those...
...who cannot protect themselves.
Trust yourself...
...in knowing what is right.
We are with you.
So yeah.
When I say I know what it's like.
I'm not talking out of my ass. Ruthye.
Grief is a killer. you know?
It can make you want to break bad or...
you know. get revenge. but...
I don't think any of those things are
going to lead you to where you want to go.
So what does?
When did you stop feeling angry?
Any day now.
Um. I'm just going to go check on him.
Stay here.
Where's your friend?
They come now.
Sit.
Recipe from my mother. from her mother.etc...
A little bitter.
Thank you.
Drink.
How does your friend know the brigands?
We all know the brigands.
But you said...
Brigands come here. take girls.
They come here to take our girl.
Zarna.
Yeah. your. um. your daughter.
the... the pictures.
What did you give me?
Sorry. sorry.
Stop drinking.
Bomar. stop! She is our daughter. we have no choice.
Did you get this poison from the brigands?
I don't understand.
You should be...
...paralyzed.
This is just really going to suck.
Milk
Why?
Well. it coats your stomach if you've been
poisoned.
Come on. man.
It's a white liquid.
Help me out of here.
What kind of milk is that?
Chu-Kan
Oh. my God.
Okay.
So you sold me out for what?
What are you getting in return?
Speak.
One girl for two girls.
Hello
Are you okay?
I heard you were looking for me.
Technically. you found me.
Hey man. can you just give me one second?
Thanks...i needed that.
You dropped your puppy's ante-tongue.
Kara !
Help me !
Stop !
Kara !!!
Sorry
Are you drunk?
No!
Hey. she don't look very poisoned to me.
eh?
Bring me their daughter.
Now.
You smell of vomit?
It's because Mareck poisoned me.
Oh. and I am fine. thank you for asking.
The brides !
Catch them!
Don't move.
Run !
Drom Baxton. there's a lot of rich
dipshits looking for you.
Screw you. old man.
Shit.
A deal's a deal.
She must die.
Ouch.
Aren't you the dips from that diet bar?
Funny.
That's what I've been calling you.
Touche.
Oh. that's ballsy.
Drom Baxton !
You just made me angry.
Got ya. bastards!
Sarna !
Where are you?
You okay?
Yeah?
Okay. get her out of here.
She's the last one.
Go!
Come on. Krem.
Where's my antidote?
You like to play games.
I can play games.
I can smell you.
I told you not to move!
I had him!
Hide.
Shit
Sarna!
No!
Stop!
They're dead!
Because you did not let me do what had to
be done!
Okay. Ruthye. I'm not letting you kill
that man.
Why not?
Look at the suffering he leaves in his
wake!
Why does he get to be alive?
Okay. okay. stop freaking out!
Get off!
Don't tell me not to freak out!
I'm allowed.
Tell me why.
Because it will mess you up.
You think it'll make you feel better?
It won't!
It'll haunt you for the rest of your life!
Is that what you want?
So the alternative is to be like you?
Constantly...
Leaving your planet to drink yourself into
a stupor?
Drunk all of the time so you never have to
feel anything?
Guess what?
I. too. want to free myself of this pain.
And I do not want to be like you.
Okay.
Then why don't you go
find whatever dimensional
portal he just passed
through all by yourself?
Hey!
Squidward!
Where are the brigands?
No idea.
Really?
Bullshit.
I have less than 24 hours to save my dog.
So you tell me where the brigands are and
I won't  turn you into a hand puppet.
Okay?
Okay.
OK
We will have to wear these.
Let's go.
This is as close as we get.
PLANET: BARENTON
SOLAR CATEGORY: GREEN AND YELLOW
Hi there.
I've been tracking your ship for the last
month.
I believe you're from Krypton?
And so am I.
Clark.
I don't understand what you are saying.
Where am i?
I am on Earth?
Are you Kal-El?
Oh. I'm sorry.
I don't... Oh. I don't...
I don't speak Kryptonian.
I never....shoot.
I... I wasn't raised there.
so... I wasn't raised there.
Why am I talking louder?
Uh. let me help you.
Krypto. behave yourself.
Be good.
It's a feisty little guy.
He's cute.
Is it okay if I...
Watch your step there.
Might be slippery. so...
Is this. um...
I'll grab it.
Okay.
Ah. yeah.
Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry.
We don't actually live here.
There's a lot more to Earth than just this
place.
Big city.
Lots of stuff to do.
Bowling.
That's fun.
Uh. it was a big adjustment for me.
You know. coming from Kansas.
You know. I'm a small-town kind
of guy. but. uh... You know Kansas?
No.
Why would you know Kansas?
What am I...
You can't understand a word that I'm
saying right now.
It's okay.
You will one day.
And you'll also learn to love this place.
just like I have.
Promise.
Why is he in his underwear?
Oh. I should mention...
Your powers are gonna start
kicking in... right about... now.
How can this be my home?
I thought that the shelter might help.
Was I right?
What did you...
I saw you boarding that man's ship.
so I snuck up into the cargo hold.
What's this place?
It's my prison.
I'm afraid it's now that the planet orbits
between...
two suns.
And that the green sun...
can kill me.
Krem left your ship on Bilquis.
And I found this.
I thought that it might help.
It's just a stupid suit. Ruthye.
It doesn't do anything.
My dog...
...my Krypto...
I'm not there to say goodbye.
I just want...
Hey. Kara...
...don't freak out.
I'm so sorry for saying I didn't want to
be like you.
I mean. you're not always nice.
but you're kind.
And you're not always perfect.
but you're good.
So thank you for taking me with you.
Water...
Gotcha
Thank you.
I guess.
Top of those bars are poison tipped.
It's a painful and noisy death.
So if you could wait till after my nap.
that would be great.
And why should I trust you?
You shouldn't.
But I trust me more than a brigand.
My assumption is that you've tried and
failed in numerous ways to get out of here.
Why are you in here?
You're not gonna let me nap. are you?
Did you get caught?
Hunters don't get caught.
They set traps. and then they wait.
Well. I'm not interested in waiting.
Soon. I will find Krem and do what needs
to be done.
Is there a bounty on his head that I don't
know about?
No.
I'm not after the money.
I'm after the revenge.
Yeah...
Overrated.
He murdered my innocent and honorable
family in cold blood.
There must have been a reason.
He gave him what he came for.
He killed them for nothing.
For sport.
That's a reason.
He has no honor.
No code.
Like you. I can imagine.
My code is iron. you little shit.
And make no mistake. I kill for money.
Not sport.
And I never go back on my word.
A dead Kryptonian...
...is a magnificent trophy.
I'm on it.
I think your friend is in trouble.
If she's still alive.
Yes.
You know. green sun and. uh. Kryptonian is
not good combination here.
Very difficult.
You fragile excuse for a man.
What?
More revolting than the excrement on the
bottom of your shoe.
Wow.
So many words?
But you don't need them here.
I'm going to tell you something.
Hm?
Come on. turn around.
Look at me.
I want to propose a deal.
You tell me where we can find your friend
and I will let you live.
Bye bye.
This one dies before the end of the day.
Please.
I don't want to die.
Please. just don't.
Don't let me die.
Come on.
I'm begging you.
Please. just take me to Krem.
I'll tell him where you can find my
friend.
Please.
Move your fat ass...
...and take her to Krem.
In the street.
Thank you.
Just take me to Krem.
I'll be good. I promise.
I promise.
I'll do whatever he says.
I'll tell him what he needs to know.
Shut up and do what you are told.
Thank you so much.
Yes....
That was amazing.
You're a little savage. aren't you?
I knew it.
I knew you had it in you.
I could see it.
Come back.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Come on back.
Fine.
There she is.
But only if you help us take down the
brigands.
Oh. they're gonna suffer.
I'm very proud of you.
I told you my plan would work.
Dex this way.
I got my chopper and my gut hook.
I'm gonna slash.
That was very impressive.
Bullshit.
Wherever you are going. you will have great power.
I need you to promise me something.
I know its...pretty colorful but...
Use it to protect those...
...who cannot protect themselves.
That's just so everyone knows we're good.
I heard you were calling me from down
there.
Is that true?
Look at me!
Do it.
Better make it quick.
You know. we haven't been formally
introduced.
Hi.
I'm the bitch whose dog you shot.
Feel the power?
Huh?
Look at this.
I made it especially for you.
It's present.
It's kryptonite delight.
It's kryptonite crystal.
I never tested it on anybody. but looking
at you...
it works.
Your eyes are beautiful when you cry.
A lot of pain. huh?
A lot of suffering.
I don't like to see you suffer.
So we will end the suffering.
Gatcha. bastards !
Travel size is always easier.
Work your abs.
That was a great kill.
Oh!
Yeah!
No
Kid wants revenge.
She should have it.
It's not that simple.
Seems pretty simple to me.
See ya. tits.
Oh. shit
You alright?
The brides!
They're still in there!
Stay here.
It's a beautiful sword from your father.
I'm sure you would love to put it deep...
in my heart.
Come on.
Let's see if you are a killer.
huh?
Just do your best.
Do everything you can.
And don't you worry what the bitter hearts
are gonna say.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in the middle of the
ride.
And everything will be just fine.
Everything is gonna be alright.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in the middle of the
ride.
And everything will be just fine.
Everything. everything will be alright.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in the middle of the
ride.
And everything will be just fine.
Everything is gonna be alright.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in the middle of the
ride.
And everything will be just fine.
Everything will be alright
May this blade prevent all of the
suffering you have caused.
Ruthye!
No.
You can't stop me.
I won't.
But if you kill him. it won't take your
pain away.
You'll have to carry him with you for the
rest of your life.
So what?
I'm already ruined.
No.
Your heart is still good and open.
Show him who you are.
You are Ruthye Marye Knoll of the Danastia
clan.
Your family is with you. even now.
Your life...
will be your revenge.
I wish it never happened.
It's okay.
I wish it could all be back.
like it was before
I know.
Me too.
Okay.
You've got to walk away.
Before you change your mind.
Okay.
Do you think you saved her soul?
It won't be anything left worth saving
when I'm...
That's for my dog.
Yeah.
And this is for what you did to that
little girl.
Hey. buddy.
I told you I'd be back.
Yeah?
You miss me?
Yes. I'm very excited to see you too.
buddy.
Okay.
Okay. ouch.
Krypto!
You're gonna get me pink eye. man!
Stop. stop. stop!
Oh. Krypto.
Oh. good boy.
Krypto. come on.
We've gotta head out. but you're... you're
good. right?
Yes.
I'm going to stay with my aunt.
And... I might start making swords like my
dad.
That's a great idea.
So. will you be heading back to your pub
crawl?
No judgment?
Um. no.
I think my pub crawl days are behind me.
I'm really glad that I met you.
Ruthye.
Yeah. me too.
So. I...
I guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye. Kara.
Come on. Krypto.
I'm gonna regret this.
Um...
I never finished celebrating my birthday.
Yes!
Yes. of course!
Thank you. thank you. thank you!
Okay. well. don't thank me yet.
You're buying. right?
Come on.
You could be gone for a couple of days.
right?
Your aunt's not gonna freak out.
She won't freak out.
Hi.
Rough trip?
Yeah.
Birthdays have always been kind of tricky
for me. too.
Yeah.
But it was good. too.
You know. like in its own sort of way.
Good.
Yeah.
How have things been here with you?
Yeah. yeah.
Uh. busy.
Mm.
Yeah.
Could've used your help on this last guy.
I mean. I could always use your help.
but I know you have places to be.
No.
Yeah. I think I'm gonna stay a while this
time.
Stay here?
Yeah.
Oh. good.
Krypto!
Come on. man.
Where's he gonna stay?
Sorry. he's just...
we are just happy to be home.
I am also happy.
He's in the chocolate.
It's chocolate.
Krypto!
No. no. no!
Don't eat that!
Subs by shock aka anjaklama
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm